test-addfileexists: fail
test-addfilepath: fail
test-addmkdircombo1: fail
test-addmkfsdircombo2: fail
test-addmkfsmkdircombo3: fail
test-addnameinpathmissing: fail
test-addnoargs: fail
test-addnomount: fail
test-addnotenoughargs: fail
test-addokay: fail
test-addpathdoesntexist: fail
test-addtoomanyargs: fail
test-mkdir2inarow: fail
test-mkdirbeforemount: fail
test-mkdirfilepath: fail
test-mkdirinroot: fail
test-mkdirmultipath: fail
test-mkdirnoargs: fail
test-mkdirokay: fail
test-mkdirsametwice: fail
test-mkdirtoomanyargs: fail
test-mkfslistnomount: fail
test-mkfsmkdir1: fail
test-mkfsmkdir2: fail
test-mkfsmkdirnotenoughinodes: fail
test-mkfsmountokay: fail
test-mkfsnoargs: fail
test-mkfsnotenoughargs: fail
test-mkfstoomanyargs: fail
week 12: 0/29
